good football friends
I have everything ready I have my workout
I have my belt I have everything ready my
Everything clothes and pre coach to take me
during training my amino acids
and post trained you know let's kill the
first man legs like seo 6
so I do not know we 'd be until the
legs let's kill the squats
press pension intentions
i
we think as not clear that yes with the
squats this a compound exercise
that the truth is that we work all
the leg parts focusing on
The quadriceps femoris is then very
important to do we always start with
the squats companies obviously with
a 45- pound batch on each side to
a total of 90 pounds for the bar
Olympic that are 45 pounds a total of
135 pounds we do from 12 to 15
repetitions after the second batch what
what we are going to do is that we increase it
a little more and we take it to 75 pounds
well remember that this depends
also of the amount or weight that
you can do it very important
Keep your back straight like flax
Bencomo these 12
very important the back straight so that
do not go to see any injury in the part
lumbar is very important help also
with breathing before doing
force to breathe a little bit short a
little bit and vote when you're
making the centrality up
there I also start with 75 pounds a
Repeat this routine repetition
leg is spectacular you have to have him
fear of these exercises you do not have to
afraid to sit there
that being afraid of the press does not mean
be afraid of the deadlift if they see that
the back is completely straight
always and that's what makes this
exercise will not cause you lessons
anyway it's always good too
wear a belt that's also going to
allow you is going to help you have the
compressed back
and that there is greater confidence to
make your decision the best
already we have two series two batches
this the third round and the o with 90
books on each side for a total of 180
books plus the 45 pound bar for a
total of 225 pounds also makes 8 a
10 reps is very important if you see
like treating the quadriceps part
down all the quadriceps part
femoral
they also work the twins work
the buttocks and work muscles
hamstring this is a very exercise
important and I would say that the exercises
Kings
of all the people we are going to finally do
I'm doing with is a risk for me
that's why they 're going to see that this exercise
I do 46 reps but it did not go down
a lot on some occasions because it's a
record for my son was filming
me and the truth is that I did not have someone
that would help me then I did it with
much caution look there went down perfect
went down well with the back straight with that
amount of weight I have been almost a
90 degree angle of the genera
the legs if they see how the
Buttocks how the whole body works
this exercise must always be maintained
the straight back is very important that and
are going to be also 46 reps the
true that it was too heavy but
very happy to reach that weight I
I think that in the day we can get
the three cakes on each side and follow
keep improving and keep fulfilling
our football vision of
transform our body and help
to you later we go to the press
the second exercise the press is
spectacular to work also all
the muscles
lose especially the part of the fact
d
of the buttocks and we also work a
little twins
this is a routine
very interesting because what we do
they are pure exercises
force once
compact
in this exercise in basic you
I recommend that you give everything
the movement to the legs
they need to work from the best
that is, try to carry the
knees to the chest to the whole movement
complete and at the end when you extend
legs try not to neglect the
knees and that they do not reach the
type 14 always keep your knee a
slightly flexed
completely skin
and it seems that the city is squeezing
completely sorry
so was
but this is not the case if they see that a
little hamburger knee lime that
does not allow me to extend completely
the legs that not to force the
knees
and good to see another angle of doing
this exercise I turn in I take it almost
up to the chest but what a good angle here
with the camera of the wpro
we make four rounds of day
two repetitions with a very good weight
as 75 percent of your maximum
weight in this press I the maximum mine that
I usually work with 6 good cake
we have done 7 to 8
cakes with 4 repetitions but what
what are we going to do are 5 day series
two repetitions then good very
important that here is jose also
trying to give the best of himself with
four cakes or you're killing yourself
just as they were killing the
legs will weigh a little more than me in
he does read yes a little shorter but
because I have a strength that the
in the muscles of the legs
obviously he is a person who weighs 81
kilos is a person who weighs 72 kilos
this is very important you have to have it
into account when doing exercises
which is more complicated for lifting
the foot the same weight as me however
it does it in an excellent way the
third exercise to us are
Cuadre extensions look how
they see the fully formed muscles
of the legs if you can see that they look
the muscle mass looks the muscles that
they are developing and that's because
we do the best exercises that are
the squat and the press for the
legs
we do extensions here as they are
watching we make enough weight we are
doing explosive exercise so
we both upload the pieces so
quickly and then we also download them from
fast way because we are going with
a lot of weight we are doing it in a way
explosive
we make this exercise 5
4 runs so fast we
explosive looks 5 170 pounds and it's like
rises explosively and also
down very quickly because it is
difficult to contain all that weight then
the last batch what we are going to do is
that we are simply going to do
reps and let's go down very
slow but what we do in
contractions of the initial part very
important this exercise we do
lying down we also do it in a way
explosive went up a little bit faster
slow but we do great weight and what
still conscious 30 150 pounds
then that was all for today is the
legs routine do not forget too
work the first ones in the exercises
conventional always explained very
good go to our website for
all types of fortinense consultancies
we are here to help you
provide their training plans for
talk to your eating plan and
give you a guide to supplementation
We are willing to give you everything so that
get the body of your life the body
dreamed a hug and thanks for
stay tuned with football and xiii
your preferred channel your channel of trust